---
layout: default
---

# Intro

[Boostnote](https://boostnote.io) is an Open Source note taking app for
developers. It doesn't come with much documentation, which is fine, because its
straight forward user interface doesn't need a lot of explanation and, well,
note taking is a fairly simple concept, right?

But wait! Boostnote actually goes far beyond the basics by including a bunch of
rendering engines for many different more or less specialized use cases. This
fact is somewhat buried in the release notes and source code. So there's a
chance you are missing out on some of the coolest things you can do with
Boostnote.

To remedy this situation, this little guide aims at bringing to light all the
neat stuff that Boostnote can do while unpretentiously hiding it from you.

Also have a look at the [Boostnote Markdown
Cheatsheet](https://github.com/TobseF/boostnote-markdown-cheatsheet). It takes a
more encyclopedic approach and this guide owes a lot os inspiration to it.

<a href="#header" class="button">↑</a>

# Text Formatting

Basic text formatting is done with
[Markdown](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Markdown). It became the de facto
standard for text formatting in the internet and it is [well
documented](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/) and
[standardized](https://commonmark.org). Check out one of the many
[excellent](https://blog.ghost.org/markdown/)
[existing](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/)
[resources](https://www.markdownguide.org) if you are not familiar with it.

But Boostnote has advanced formatting options, some of them in form of Markdown
extensions that are not part of the standardized CommonMark specification. Those
formatting options that go beyond basic Markdown are listed here.

## Blocks

## Folding

## Indications

## To-do Checkboxes

## Keyboard Symbols

## Arrows

## Emoticons

## Footnotes

## Jump to Line

## Definition Lists

## Tables

## Subscript & Superscript

_Code:_

```;
Drinking the 37^th^ cup of coffee on one day might cause a C~8~H~10~N~4~O~2~ overdose.
```

_Preview:_

![Subscript & superscript rendering example](/assets/img/subscript-and-superscript.png)

## Tool tips

You can add tool tips to any phrase used in a note. The explanation will pop up
as a tool tip when hovering over the phrase and all occurrences of the phrase
itself will be decorated with a subtle dashed line. This is handy, for example,
to provide an explanation for abbreviations, as exemplified with the following
small excerpt from the website of the [The Dozenal Society of Great
Britain](http://www.dozenalsociety.org.uk).

_Code:_

```;
The DSGB [...] (founded 1959) and the DSA [...] (founded 1944) are separate
organisations with a common aim: to draw attention to the advantages of the
Dozen (or twelve-based) system for numeration and measurement.

*[DSGB]: The Dozenal Society of Great Britain
*[DSA]: The Dozenal Society of America
```

_Result:_

![Tooltip rendering example](/assets/img/tooltip.png)


<a href="#header" class="button">↑</a>

# LaTeX

_TODO_

<a href="#header" class="button">↑</a>

# Chart.js

_TODO_

<a href="#header" class="button">↑</a>

# Flowchart.js

_TODO_

<a href="#header" class="button">↑</a>

# Mermaid

_TODO_

<a href="#header" class="button">↑</a>

# ditaa

_TODO_

<a href="#header" class="button">↑</a>

# PlantUML

_TODO_

<a href="#header" class="button">↑</a>
